{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green90\blue124;\red11\green90\blue124;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c42931\c55996;\cssrgb\c0\c42931\c55996;}
{\info
{\author Yana Georgiev}
{\*\copyright Yana Georgiev}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19640\viewh9580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Instructions
\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 Exercice 1
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
Code a simple responsive web page in the form of an article. \
\
The content for the article is in the attached Word doc and the template mimics what our writers give us on a daily basis. (a PDF version is also attached in case you don\'92t have MS Word installed). The image is provided as a separate file. 
\i See
\i0  files \cf2 Exercise1-code-challenge.docx\cf0  and \cf2 Exercise1-code-challenge.pdf\cf0  for the content and \cf2 Exercise1-code-challenge-image.png\cf0  for the image.\
\
The content for the article is presented in a table format, but this is just the writer\'92s preference to pass down the content. You should not code the grid itself. Attached is a screenshot if what the final look of the page should be. 
\i See
\i0  file: \cf2 Exercise1-sample-preview.png\cf0 \
\
\
\

\b\fs28 Exercice 2\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Find the HTML errors in the code.\
 \

\i See
\i0  file: \cf3 Exercise2.txt\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf0 Sending back your work:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 When you are ready, please upload your files in a repository on github and send the link to \ul ygeorgiev@doximity.com\
\
\ulnone If you have any questions, feel free to email \ul ygeorgiev@doximity.com\
\
\ulnone Thank you so much for your time and efforts!}